you seem to be making yourself quite
comfortable here my boy I'm just trying
to fit in like fighting by making a
nuisance of yourself that is not the
bulwark way boy yeah you could have
fooled me what I said you could have
fooled me this place is full of bullies
and maniacs nonsense that's just school
spirit high jinks why in my day we felt
nothing of castrating the new boys I
want you to stop this nonsense Hopkins I
want you to behave yourself you might
learn something fine can I go now sir on
your way hey I saw you sucking up to
Crabill snitch what shut up screw you
new kid this is what we do to teachers
pets around here ah come here yeah come
and get me hahahaha what you gonna do
I saw
Oh Jim
Pilar
hey there if you know what's good for
you
I'm like no slingshot
yo mama comic
you had come you ain't
get the new beat him down loser home run
your lesson
hey guys ah
don't play games Barry games that's my
mama oh that's two black guy yeah cool
when I'm done with you you're just gonna
watch shut anybody you'll never take me
I let go I can't hey stay away from me
he always get the right tool for the job
that wasn't funny
my work here is done hello ladies and
gentlemen I miss Phillips and it is my
pleasure to induct you into the world of
Arts
that's an excellent Jimmy Mike wow are
those real can I check hi there thought
you might appreciate them Jimmy you're
so nice to me nice lip gloss mmm that
was nice oh please come on that's how
you do it all right I can't do a lot
about that at all so mad all right wimps
it's time for some wrestling
instructions this require physical
contact between you and your opponent
don't any of you enjoy it
I'm gonna die of embarrassment another
crushing blow patty my eyes I'm one
anymore you don't want to touch me my
smell is contagious that's better
Hopkins stop moving around another crush
you wanna live please I have service
bells I love the sound of I'm gonna dive
in fact I'm so he is ahead of me don't I
do anybody will stand there don't please
I have nervous bells I can't do anything
right yeah okay boys no messing around
this time
hahaha what a laser brain
forward maybe you're not completely
useless Hopkins there we go done